Fix window being focused by default (#7899)
alacritty/alacritty: CONTRIBUTING.md

Changes compared to the latest Alacritty release which have a direct effect on the user (opposed to
things like code refactorings or documentation/tests) additionally need to be documented in the

> `CHANGELOG.md`. When notable change is made to `alacritty_terminal` it should be documnted in its
> `CHANGELOG.md` as well. The existing entries should be used as a style guideline. The change log
> should be used to document changes from a user-perspective, instead of explaining the technical
> background (like commit messages). More information about Alacritty's change log format can be found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CHANGELOG.md`. When a notable change is made to `alacritty_terminal`, it should be documented in
`alacritty_terminal/CHANGELOG.md` as well. The existing entries should be used as a style guideline. The change log
should be used to document changes from a user-perspective, instead of explaining the technical
background (like commit messages). More information about Alacritty's change log format can be found
```
